README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <br/>

  <h2><b>To-do list</b></h2>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[To-Do list\] ](#-to-do-list-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [To-Do list] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[To-Do lis]** Is a project exercise given by Microverse to help me learn how to use webpack files and to build a basic website that allows users to make their to-do list by adding tasks and removing the completed ones.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp">Css</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/javascript/default.asp">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[HTML Form]**
- **[css flexbox ]**
- **[Semantic tags]**
- **[ Javascript ]**
- **[ ES6 modules ]**
- **[ webpack ]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps downbelow!

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Web browser
- Git-syn
- Code editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

git clone https://github.com/mariegrace31/To-do-List.git

### Install

Install this project run the command:

```

npm install

```

### Usage

To run the project:

- Clone this repo to your local machine.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- Track HTML linter errors run:

```
npx hint .
```

- Track CSS linter errors run:

```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

- Track JavaScript linter errors run:

```
npx eslint .
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="author"></a>

👤 **1.Marie Grace Bahati**

- GitHub: [@mariegrace31](https://github.com/mariegrace31)
- LinkedIn: [Marie Grâce Bahati](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marie-gr%C3%A2ce-bahati-546765224/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


- **[ Drag and drop ]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mariegrace31/To-do-List/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project don't hesitate to give a star and follow me on github!

- GitHub: [@mariegrace31](https://github.com/mariegrace31)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank all the Microverse team for giving me this chance and you too for your time!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./license) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Updated the readme file with the live demo link

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <br/>

  <h2><b>To-do list</b></h2>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 \[To-Do list\] ](#-to-do-list-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [Live Demo ](#live-demo-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [To-Do list] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[To-Do lis]** Is a project exercise given by Microverse to help me learn how to use webpack files and to build a basic website that allows users to make their to-do list by adding tasks and removing the completed ones.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp">Css</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/javascript/default.asp">JS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **[HTML Form]**
- **[css flexbox ]**
- **[Semantic tags]**
- **[ Javascript ]**
- **[ ES6 modules ]**
- **[ webpack ]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps downbelow!

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- Web browser
- Git-syn
- Code editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

git clone https://github.com/mariegrace31/To-do-List.git

### Install

Install this project run the command:

```

npm install

```

### Usage

To run the project:

- Clone this repo to your local machine.

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:

- Track HTML linter errors run:

```
npx hint .
```

- Track CSS linter errors run:

```
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

- Track JavaScript linter errors run:

```
npx eslint .
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="author"></a>

👤 **1.Marie Grace Bahati**

- GitHub: [@mariegrace31](https://github.com/mariegrace31)
- LinkedIn: [Marie Grâce Bahati](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marie-gr%C3%A2ce-bahati-546765224/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## Live Demo <a name="Live-demo"></a>


- Here is the live demo link: <a href=" https://mariegrace31.github.io/To-do-List/">Live demo</a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>


- **[ Drag and drop ]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/mariegrace31/To-do-List/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project don't hesitate to give a star and follow me on github!

- GitHub: [@mariegrace31](https://github.com/mariegrace31)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank all the Microverse team for giving me this chance and you too for your time!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./license) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
